Hardware info (#205)
aidadatahub/aidadatahub.github.io: data-science-platform/hardware.md

## Hardware

We provide multiple systems for working with sensitive data:

* [**Verdi**](#verdi): General purpose system with large long term storage coupled to compute resources (both CPU and GPU nodes).

* [**DGX-2**](#dgx-2): Expert system for training AI-models based on NVIDIA's DGX-2 system

### Verdi {#verdi}

> Verdi is a cluster for senstive data aimed at users of a wide range of expertise. It's intended use is as a platform with long term storage attached to high capacity compute both for general data science as well as AI development. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verdi is the current incarnation of our Data Science Platform, supporting use of both sensitive and non-sensitive data aimed at users of a wide range of expertise. It's intended to enable long term data retention - allowing data to be accessed and worked with during periods of lower activity and making it easy to do compute at high end e-infrastructure provided by NAISS.
```

Reviewer: I just don't want to label this as a compute system :)
